welcome to thriller recapped today i will show you
an american science fiction and comedy film called
evolution spoilers ahead watch out and take
care once upon a time when a large meteor
crashed in the desert of arizona but sooner
strange and unusual things start to happen
a group of professors must fight
the problem before it's too late
the movie starts with wayne grey who is going
to a college to be a firefighter but he has
failed many times so he is in desert trying
to practice some of his skills with a doll
a large meteor is heading towards earth and
soon it crashes in middle of arizona desert
destroying wayne's car along with a
doll the next day we see dr ira kane
former retired colonel in military he is handing
out the papers to students after checking the exam
we then see professor harry he is getting the
news about the meteor is called to check up on it
later that day both the science professor
drives to the crash site upon arrival wayne
tells them that he was just practicing for his
exam with a doll and meteor crashed on his car
they go inside the hole that was created by the
meteor then they scratch the rock and they find
out it bleeds blue liquid they take it to their
college lab to investigate he then looks through
the microscope and sees microorganisms multiplying
which is very unusual and he makes a report
later kane goes to harry who is enjoying
a basketball match in the school
and asks him to immediately see the sample
claiming they have found alien dna they
learn that the microorganism and sample evolve
that usually takes millions of years to happen
harry gets excited and dreams of a nobel
prize in the next scene we see wayne trying
to give the firefighter exam however he
embarrassingly injures himself instead
the instructor tells him he can give another test
in six months later kane and harry arrive with
their students to show them the crash site they
go inside and they see the site now has evolved
and it has fungi and mushrooms all over
the place soon a student called nadine
feel something on her toes they move
the fog and see millions of flatworms
he lifts one worm and it dies within the contact
of oxygen so they take sample with the atmosphere
later then they see them
splitting hence reproducing
in the next scene wayne is working on his
part-time job and he sees worms outside a
door he opens it and sees more of them he then
sees a horrible turtle in the water filter
kane and harry go to the meteor site but now it
is sealed off by us army they speak to general
russell woodman it turns out kane used to work
with general and the agency found out about the
site since they were monitoring kane's computer
then disease control expert dr allison reed
arrives there they tell the professors that
they will take control from now onwards
later kane takes them to court and they
insist they want to be part of the research
since they discovered it alison reveals that when
kane worked with us army he created a vaccine
which had some side effects and it caused 140
000 army men to get stomachache constipation
and erectile dysfunction for over a
month hence he was fired from the project
later disappointedly they go to the college
and find out some agents breached in there
and took essentials documents from their office
harry says they even took worms from the fridge
later that night they dress like officers
and they sneak into the meteor crash site
they see a scientist taking a big fly-like
creature in a sealed capsule they didn't see
the site for two weeks and what used to be
worms and fungus has now evolved into small
unusual creatures then they were the suits those
scientists were wearing people from control rooms
see this and assume this is just the other team of
scientists they now see that the site is totally
changed and now it harbors an alien forest with
animal life in it we see a monkey-sized centipede
then it gets eaten by something that looks like
a giant animal eating plant then they see a big
spider they soon get dr allison's attentions as
the professors try to get a small part of asteroid
dr allison confronts them and asks them to
leave as they argue one giant mosquito goes
inside harry's suit and then it gets into his
body then they take him to hospital and it's now
moving in his body then they take some lubricant
and get the fly out of his wormhole which dies
after been taken out in a party that night wayne
talks to his buddies about the firefighting exam
later the owner of the golf club goes near
water and he is attacked by an alien reptile
next day kane and harry go back to
college and we see harry walking in pain
wayne is waiting for them to show them
something he shows them the alien that
killed the owner of golf club and tells them
the creature died after brought out of the water
in a house near the college a group of ladies
find a dog-like creature in their house
the creature then attacks the lady and soon
the creature chalks to death in our atmosphere
later kane meets allison and tells her that
the creatures are spreading crazily and that
the creatures are adapting the environment he then
asks her out but she just smiles cane then meets
harry who is having breakfast with wayne and they
hear about an animal attack on the radio they go
there and they see officer johnson and he shows
them the dog-like creature wayne comes in the
house from outside and shows them an area filled
with flying dragons chalking to death because of
oxygen in the atmosphere harry theorizes that the
creatures are using ungrounds caves to survive
and when they enter our atmosphere they are dying
soon the dragon gets up and it gives birth and
newborn dragon adapts to the earth's oxygen and
flies off the dragon terrorizes people in maul
but soon kane and his team arrives there and
prepares their guns then they see the dragon
flying around they chase it and wayne uses the
mic to make noises to get dragon's attention
and kane gunned it to the ground they
celebrate their first kill while driving
soon the media is becoming increasingly
involved with the alien attacks
the governor of arizona visits the
site and he asks them for the answers
allison theorizes that if they don't stop
the invasion they'll lose the state of
arizona in a week and the whole country in two
months we see the group arriving to the site
and after an argument they decide to work
together the general suggests that they make
a napalm strike to destroy the city which will
also kill the aliens the staff interferes and
shows them that creatures started evolving into
strange animals and took out all the cctv cameras
there is a chaos in the site and few moments later
they are attacked by the primate-like creatures
wayne shoots it down upon seeing all this
the governor allows the general to use full
power and alison leaves the job after being
disgusted to know about the napalm strike plan
and she joins the team of kane she also brings
the stolen research samples that was taken by
the government agencies the whole city is in
chaos some people are scared and is in the
process of being evacuated by the military and
some students are enjoying the whole situation
the team of kane arrives to the local school
lab to find a way to kill this alien form
harry starts smoking and throws the burning stick
to the sample which triggers the alien to evolve
and now they come to a conclusion that the
alien form is multiplied due to the warm
atmosphere of earth and since space has no heat
it wasn't evolving and if the military strikes
it with a napalm bomb then the results will
be irreversible the staff at the site tells
general that allison tried to contact you however
the general no longer wants to listen from her
in the lab cain sees the periodic table and he
notices that we are carbonic forms of life form
and our poison is arsenic but the
aliens are nitrogen-based life form
so in that way they will be lethal to selenium
the two students suggest that head and shoulder
shampoo has selenium in it and that can
be used to kill the alien form as well
then they make a plan to use it against the aliens
they collect it from all around the city and fill
the fire truck with it they make their way to the
site upon arriving there they go inside the site
so they can spray it in meantime the general is
ahead of his schedule and the governor visits him
wayne goes outside the cave to operate the
truck but general starts the napalm strike
which makes the creatures evolve drastically
as they run for their life the earth opens and
they see the creature evolving into something big
what used to be a forest type closed environment
has now turned into something like a giant worm
the giant worm-like thing starts taking over
the city the military tries to attack it but
it does not stop soon the creature
gets ready to divide through mitosis
a way of reproducing seen earlier in the jar
till it takes over the planet wayne suggests
that they can still use the shampoo plan and
they head towards the direction of the creature
they maneuver their truck underneath
a giant worm hole of the creature
and experience a giant fart then harry and kane
make their way to the wormhole through a ladder
they pump it with shampoo and
as it gets filled with shampoo
it starts releasing some sort of liquid they make
their way out and it explodes like a giant pore
they all start to celebrate and alison kisses kane
later the governor declares them as heroes
and declares wayne as a new firefighter
kane and allison escapes the conference to
start their new life in the end we see the team
promoting head and shoulders for hair and fighting
aliens then the movie ends let me know what you
think about the movie in comments and please
like and subscribe it really helps the channel